packages/database/README.md, before:

# Database Package

This package provides database access and schema definitions using Drizzle ORM with Supabase.

## Features

- Type-safe database access with Drizzle ORM
- Schema definitions for all database tables
- Migration utilities
- Integration with Supabase

## Usage

### Importing the package

```typescript
import { db, supabaseClient, profiles } from 'database';
```

### Querying data

```typescript
// Using Drizzle ORM
const allProfiles = await db.select().from(profiles);

// Using Supabase client
const { data, error } = await supabaseClient
  .from('profiles')
  .select('*');
```

### Running migrations

```bash
# Generate migrations
pnpm generate

# Apply migrations
pnpm migrate
```

## Schema

The database schema is defined in the `src/schema` directory. Each table has its own file with the schema definition.

## Migrations

Migrations are managed using Drizzle Kit and are stored in the `drizzle` directory. They are automatically generated based on schema changes.

## Configuration

The database configuration is defined in `drizzle.config.ts`. This includes connection details and migration settings.

Commit message:

Migrate from Drizzle ORM to Supabase

packages/database/README.md, after:

# Database Package

This package provides database access and type definitions for Supabase.

## Features

- Type-safe database access with Supabase client
- TypeScript type definitions for all database tables
- Conversion utilities for snake_case to camelCase
- Service layer for database operations

## Usage

### Importing the package

```typescript
import { supabaseClient, teamService, profileService } from 'database';
```

### Using services

```typescript
// Using team service
const team = await teamService.getTeamById('team-id');

// Using profile service
const profile = await profileService.getProfileById('user-id');
```

### Direct database access

```typescript
// Using Supabase client directly
const { data, error } = await supabaseClient
  .from('profiles')
  .select('*');
```

## Types

The database types are defined in the `src/types` directory. Each entity has its own file with type definitions.

## Services

The database services are defined in the `src/services` directory. Each entity has its own service file with CRUD operations.

## Configuration

The database configuration is loaded from environment variables. See the `.env.example` file for required variables.
